adding note about project creation (#78)
osg-htc/user-school-2022: docs/logistics/projects.md

# Creating a Long-Term OSPool Project

> To continue using your OSG account after the school, you will 

Reviewer: “OSG Connect account”, right?

Reviewer 2: Miron wants to move away from "Connect"

need to request a long-term project. Please complete the following 
steps by September 9 to transition to a long-term project and access. 

1. Fill out the following information in an email: 

		PI Name: (e.g. faculty advisor/sponsor, director, etc.)
		PI Email: 
		PI Department or Organization: 
		PI Institution: 
		Project Field of Science: (out of 
		https://osp.unm.edu/pi-resources/nsf-research-classifications.html)
		Brief description of the relevant research: (1-3 sentences, perhaps linking to a webpage)  
		

> 1. Email the above to support@opensciencegrid.org, **cc'ing the PI of your research group** and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Email the above to support@osg-htc.org, **cc'ing the PI of your research group** and 
```

requesting that the PI confirm your membership in their group. If you are the PI, that should be indicated in 
the email. 

Once the project PI has confirmed your membership, OSG Facilitators will create a new 
project of the form `Institution_PIName` within 2 business days. You will receive
a notification when you are added to the new project, and a follow up email from 

> the OSG faciliation team. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the OSG faciliation team with instructions for how to switch from the `OSGUserSchool2022` project to your new project. 
```
